Update README.md (#1)
tidelift/alignment-action: README.md

# Tidelift Align GitHub Action

> The Tidelift Align GitHub action allows you to integrate a Tidelift
> catalog alignment into your GitHub repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tidelift Alignment GitHub action allows you to align your GitHub repositories
against your Tidelift catalog.
```

This lets you get a bill of materials and optionally fail PRs that add unapproved packages – all as a part
of your CI/CD process.

For more information see https://support.tidelift.com

## Example usage

> To use this Action, you need to create a workflow like the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this Action, you need to create a workflow like the following, which
runs an alignment on every push and at midnight everyday.
```

```yaml

> name: Tidelift Alignment
> on: [push]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Tidelift Alignment
on:
  push:
  schedule:
    - cron: '0 0 * * *'  # every day at midnight
```
